Virtual Youtuber,
Kizuna Ai here!
So for today, we'll do this:
"Making a twitter account!"
Why am I making a twitter account if you ask me,
I was wondering what's good for
promoting my contents,
and what's good for connecting with people,
and thus,
I asked Google about it.
Okay, so let's go straight away
and make the twitter account!
There!
Ho?
I don't have phone number...
Skip!
I decided on my username you know!
I need to make it easy to remember, right?
Using my own name is normal thing right?
Ki..
zu..
na!
and let's use underscore here..
Ai!
"Next"!
Hmm?
"Next.."
This username is
already taken by someone else.
Who in the world used my name?
So we have no choice but to change it!
Ai!
Kizuna!
Who used this one too?!
So...
What should I use...
Ah
Let's make it cute like
Ai...
chan?
Is this taken too?
Ai..
underscore...
chan...
Hmmp!
underscore!
See, it's already used too!
What should I use for username?
Hurry up and make one, me!
Kizuna..
Ai!
Look,
"Simple is best."
"Oh my god..."
[Contemplating on Username]
This is..
has turned into a difficult situation.
Uhm,
can't let this make me down, right?
I'll go ahead and make my twitter later, okay?
So, you should totally follow me on twitter, okay?!
Okay!
[Her twitter handle is @aichan_nel]